In this section, you have familiarized yourself with how lidar measurements look,
and how you can use them to compute the time to collision.
Also, you have seen that erroneous points may
lead to a severe miscalculations when not treated properly.
To make sure you are familiar with the code,
please complete the quiz below.
The task here is to extend the function,
compute TTC lidar in a way that not all points are considered.
We want to focus only on the eagle lane in which our vehicle is currently located.
So your task is to introduce a new variable called lane width and set it to four meters.
Based on this variable,
all points left and right should be removed,
and not be used for computing the distance to the preceding vehicle.
In a real-time and a real application,
you could also use the current steering angle or the curvature of
the lane markings on the road to filter out unwanted points.
But in our small example here,
it's about the basic principle,
which is why we want to keep it simple.